README.md, before:

# Kid-Friendly Mini-Game Hub 🎮

A collection of interactive, educational mini-games designed for children aged 4-10. Features logic puzzles, memory training, sorting activities, and a 3D solar system explorer.

## Features ✨

- **6 Interactive Games**: Memory Match, Pattern Sequence, Sorting, Logic Blocks, Maze, and Counting.
- **3D Space Explorer**: An interactive 3D solar system scene using Three.js.
- **Kid-Friendly UI**: Large buttons, bright colors, simple icons (emojis), and no text-heavy instructions.
- **Offline Capable**: Works purely in the browser with no backend requirements.
- **Parental Controls**: Settings to toggle sound/music and reset progress.
- **Privacy First**: No external tracking or analytics. Progress is saved locally on your device.

## Setup & Run 🚀

This project is a static web application. You don't need to install complex dependencies to run it.

1.  **Open the Folder**: Navigate to this folder on your computer.
2.  **Launch**: Double-click `index.html` to open it in your web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge).
    - _Note: For the 3D Solar System game, some browsers might block local texture loading if you simply open the file. If you see issues, try running a local server._

### Running with a Local Server (Recommended)

If you have Python installed (Mac/Linux usually do):

```bash
# Run this in your terminal inside the project folder
python3 -m http.server 8000
```

Then open `http://localhost:8000` in your browser.

## How to Play 🕹️

- **Memory Cards**: Find matching pairs of cards by flipping them over.
- **Pattern (Simon)**: Watch the sequence of lights and repeat it.
- **Sorting**: Drag the items into the correct category bucket (e.g., Animals vs Fruits).
- **Puzzle**: Slide the tiles to put the numbers in order (1, 2, 3...).
- **Maze**: Guide the blue dot to the checkered flag using arrow keys or on-screen buttons.
- **Counting**: Answer the math or counting question by tapping the correct number.
- **Space**: Drag to look around the solar system. Click/Tap on planets to learn fun facts!

## Credits & Technologies 🛠️

- **Core**: HTML5, CSS3, Vanilla JavaScript (ES6 Modules).
- **Animations**: [Anime.js](https://animejs.com/)
- **Audio**: [Howler.js](https://howlerjs.com/)
- **Interactions**: [Interact.js](https://interactjs.io/)
- **3D Graphics**: [Three.js](https://threejs.org/)
- **Icons**: Standard System Emojis & CSS Shapes.
- **Fonts**: [Fredoka](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Fredoka) (Google Fonts).

## Privacy Note 🔒

This application does **not** collect, store, or transmit any personal data. Game progress is stored solely in your browser's "Local Storage". You can clear this data at any time via the Parental Settings panel (Gear icon).

Commit message:

feat: add Quick Logic, Shape Matcher, Color Mixer games and Forest, Ocean 3D scenes, updating README, main, and styles.

README.md, after:

# Kid-Friendly Mini-Game Hub 🎮

A collection of **12** interactive, educational mini-games and 3D scenes designed for children aged 4-10. Features logic puzzles, memory training, sorting activities, and immersive 3D environments.

## Features ✨

- **9 Interactive Games**:
  1.  **Memory Match**: Flip cards to find pairs.
  2.  **Pattern Sequence**: Follow the lights (Simon).
  3.  **Sorting**: Sort animals, fruits, and vehicles.
  4.  **Puzzle**: Classic sliding tile puzzle.
  5.  **Maze**: Find the path to the flag.
  6.  **Counting**: Math and counting questions.
  7.  **Shapes**: Match objects to their shadows.
  8.  **Colors**: Mix paints to create new colors.
  9.  **Quick Logic**: Tap items based on changing rules (Reflex).
- **3 Interactive 3D Scenes**:
  1.  **Space**: Solar System explorer.
  2.  **Ocean**: Underwater scene with swimming fish.
  3.  **Forest**: Nature scene with interactive trees.
- **Kid-Friendly UI**: Large buttons, bright colors, simple icons (emojis), and no text-heavy instructions.
- **Offline Capable**: Works purely in the browser with no backend requirements.
- **Parental Controls**: Settings to toggle sound/music and reset progress.
- **Privacy First**: No external tracking or analytics. Progress is saved locally on your device.

## Setup & Run 🚀

This project is a static web application. You don't need to install complex dependencies to run it.

1.  **Open the Folder**: Navigate to this folder on your computer.
2.  **Launch**: Double-click `index.html` to open it in your web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge).
    - _Note: For the 3D scenes, some browsers might block texture loading if opened directly. If you see blank screens, try running a local server._

### Running with a Local Server (Recommended)

If you have Python installed (Mac/Linux usually do):

```bash
# Run this in your terminal inside the project folder
python3 -m http.server 8000
```

Then open `http://localhost:8000` in your browser.

## Tech Stack 🛠️

- **Core**: HTML5, CSS3, Vanilla JavaScript (ES6 Modules).
- **Animations**: [Anime.js](https://animejs.com/)
- **Audio**: [Howler.js](https://howlerjs.com/)
- **Interactions**: [Interact.js](https://interactjs.io/)
- **3D Graphics**: [Three.js](https://threejs.org/)

## Privacy Note 🔒

This application does **not** collect, store, or transmit any personal data. Game progress is stored solely in your browser's "Local Storage". You can clear this data at any time via the Parental Settings panel (Gear icon).
